As administrative staff, I want to register a new patient’s personal data in order to add them to the system.
As administrative staff, I want to edit a registered patient’s data to keep the information updated.
As administrative staff, I want to register the patient’s medical background in their electronic medical record in order to know their health condition.
As administrative staff, I want to search for a specific patient to manage appointments.
As doctor, I want to search for a specific patient to review their electronic medical record.
As administrative staff, I want to register an appointment to schedule the patient’s medical consultation.
As administrative staff, I want to cancel an existing appointment to free up the doctor’s time slot.
As administrative staff, I want to edit an existing appointment to change its date without losing the information.
As a patient, I want to be notified when my appointment is modified to stay informed.
As a doctor, I want to access the patient’s electronic medical record to review their previous information.
As a doctor, I want to record the diagnosis made during the appointment to document the medical care provided.
As a patient, I want to consult my electronic medical record to access my medical information.
As administrative staff, I want to register doctors with their specialties to enable appointment assignment.
As administrative staff, I want to edit a registered doctor’s data to keep the information updated.
As administrative staff, I want to deactivate a registered doctor to keep the information updated.
As administrative staff, I want to activate a registered doctor to keep the information updated.
As administrative staff, I want to define roles with permissions to control access to system functionalities.
As administrative staff, I want to generate an invoice associated with a consultation to provide proof of payment.
As pharmacist, I want to generate an invoice associated with a medication to provide proof of payment.
As administrative staff, I want to generate an invoice associated with a medication to provide proof of payment.
As a patient, I want to receive a notification when there is a charge in order to access the invoice.
As a pharmacist, I want to register medications to keep the hospital inventory updated.
As a pharmacist, I want to register supplies to keep the hospital inventory updated.
As a pharmacist, I want to edit the number of available medications to keep the inventory updated.
As a pharmacist, I want to edit the number of available supplies to keep the inventory updated.
As a pharmacist, I want to associate the medication with the patient who collected it to generate the corresponding invoice.
As a pharmacist, I want to consult how many units of a medication are available to make timely decisions.
As a pharmacist, I want to consult how many units of a supply are available to make timely decisions.
As a pharmacist, I want to know when a medication is about to expire to make timely decisions.
As a pharmacist, I want to know when a supply is about to expire to make timely decisions.
As a pharmacist, I want to know when a medication has low stock to make timely decisions.
As a pharmacist, I want to know when a supply has low stock to make timely decisions.
As an analyst, I want to view statistics of consultations by specialty to evaluate workload.
As an analyst, I want to view financial reports of services to evaluate hospital income and performance.
As an analyst, I want to view supply consumption to evaluate hospital inventory usage.